the great working with Sofia again I
mean we've done weddings together before
synthesis really so outspoken and
willing to share with everybody sha
lobotomy literal enters ordinary place
that gave up its own set of challenges
this is like a full daylight so my basic
settings would be 200 200
get an insight into what you could be if
you walked you know a certain way and
you've been given the tools to to get
there
here we can actually get a slightly
bigger they give you with with the heels
with the road
50 shots in one second it's been pretty
straightforward and that's what matters
the most rate the authenticity of the
lotion
I'm so glad I got this opportunity to
work with him and do this phony romantic
photo shoot fantastic fantastic
seppia
thank you
he's covering
not only just the border areas but is
heading into the Indians which is what I
love about this
you